Add Redis Provider post. (#3425)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/redis-cloud-provider/index.md

---
title: "Pulumi and Redis Cloud: Real-Time Data for Modern Apps"
date: 2023-10-01
meta_desc: Learn how to use Pulumi to provision fully managed Redis Enterprise Cloud clusters and connect them to your AWS workloads.
meta_image: redis-enterprise-cloud-pulumi.png
authors:
    - josh-kodroff
tags:
    - redis-cloud
    - aws
---

Redis Enterprise Cloud makes apps faster by providing an in-memory database that enables teams to create a real-time data platform. In this post, you'll learn how to enable connectivity between Redis Enterprise Cloud and your workloads using Pulumi and the Redis Cloud provider.

<!--more-->

{{% notes type="info" %}}
The full code for this example is available at <https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/rediscloud-aws-ts>. The full code differs slightly from the example below in that it has some parameterization that makes the code more portable, whereas in this post we show hardcoded values for simplicity.
{{% /notes %}}

## About Redis Enterprise Cloud

> [Redis Enterprise Cloud](https://redis.com/redis-enterprise-cloud/overview/) is a fully managed database as-a-service (DBaaS) that provides managed Redis clusters. Redis Enterprise Cloud clusters can be accessed via network peering in AWS or Google Cloud, or over the internet. The [Redis Cloud provider](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/rediscloud/) allows you to manage Redis Enterprise Cloud resources in Pulumi programs.

Reviewer: It feels like there should be something after "database-as-a-service (DBaaS)". DBaaS offering? DBaaS provider? I'm not sure which word is appropriate.

Author: Fixed (as soon as I push).

> ## Architecture

Reviewer: Is it worth adding a quick section before this explaining why readers should care about this? What problem(s) are we solving here? What benefits does this bring to users?

Author: Added.

  paymentMethodId: card.id,
  cloudProvider: {
    regions: [
      {
        region: "us-east-1",
        // This CIDR block must not conflict with the CIDR block of the AWS
        // VPC to which you wish to connect:
        networkingDeploymentCidr: "10.0.0.0/24",
        // We use a single AZ here to minimize the cost incurred from running
        // this example. For a production workload, consider multiple availability
        // zones:
        multipleAvailabilityZones: false,
        preferredAvailabilityZones: ["use1-az1"],
      },
    ],
  },

  creationPlan: {
    memoryLimitInGb: 10,
    quantity: 1,
    replication: true,
    supportOssClusterApi: false,
    throughputMeasurementBy: "operations-per-second",
    throughputMeasurementValue: 20000,
    modules: ["RedisJSON"],
  },
});
```

Then, create a database in your subscription:

```typescript
const database = new rediscloud.SubscriptionDatabase("redis-db", {
  name: "my-db",
  subscriptionId: subscription.id,
  protocol: "redis",
  memoryLimitInGb: 10,
  dataPersistence: "aof-every-1-second",
  throughputMeasurementBy: "operations-per-second",
  throughputMeasurementValue: 20000,
  replication: true,
});
```

> 

Reviewer: I know we discussed this briefly in the previous PR so I know that the example uses parameters to replace the hard-coded CC digits shown here, but I think it may be worth a quick note pointing this out.

    ![SSM Systems Manager shell with commands like redis connect and INCR](shell-commands.png)

Now your workloads can use your Redis Cloud cluster! You can tear down all the resources you created with the following command:

```bash
pulumi destroy
```

## Next Steps and Conclusion

Now that you have proven that the architecture works, here are some next steps you might want to take with this codebase:

* Replace the EC2 test instance with a real workload that uses Redis:
  * If your workload is running on EC2, then the code in this post should get you up and running. However, if you find you need some help [Pulumi AI](https://www.pulumi.com/ai) can be a very helpful resource. Simply enter a natural language query and select a support Pulumi language, and Pulumi AI will generate a Pulumi program that can be copy/pasted into your program and iterated on in the same Pulumi AI conversation.
  * If you're using another AWS compute platform, Pulumi also has helpful guides for creating workloads on [ECS](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/clouds/aws/guides/ecs/), [EKS](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/clouds/aws/guides/eks/), or [Lambda](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/clouds/aws/guides/lambda/).

> * Try creating [Redis Cloud clusters peered Google Cloud](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/rediscloud/api-docs/subscriptionpeering/#gcp).

Reviewer: Is there a word missing here? Should it be "Redis Cloud clusters peered with Google Cloud", or something like that?

Author: You're correct. Fixed.

---
title: "Pulumi and Redis Cloud: Real-Time Data for Modern Apps"

> date: 2023-10-01

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
date: 2023-11-28
```

meta_desc: Learn how to use Pulumi to provision fully managed Redis Enterprise Cloud clusters and connect them to your AWS workloads.
meta_image: redis-enterprise-cloud-pulumi.png
authors:
    - josh-kodroff
tags:
    - redis-cloud
    - aws
---

Redis Enterprise Cloud makes apps faster by providing an in-memory database that enables teams to create a real-time data platform. In this post, you'll learn how to enable connectivity between Redis Enterprise Cloud and your workloads using Pulumi and the Redis Cloud provider.

<!--more-->

{{% notes type="info" %}}

> The full code for this example is available at <https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/rediscloud-aws-ts>. The full code differs slightly from the example below in that it has some parameterization that makes the code more portable, whereas in this post we show hardcoded values for simplicity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The full code for this example is available at <https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/redis-cloud-aws-ts>. The full code differs slightly from the example below in that it has some parameterization that makes the code more portable, whereas in this post we show hardcoded values for simplicity.
```
